young woman with sheep on straw covered floor.
a child places his hands on the head and neck of a sheep while another sheep looks at his face.
a person petting the head of a cute fluffy sheep.
a child is petting a sheep while another sheep watches.
a woman kneeling to pet animals while others wait. .
the skateboarder is putting on a show using the picnic table as his stage.
a skateboarder pulling tricks on top of a picnic table.
a man riding on a skateboard on top of a table.
a skate boarder doing a trick on a picnic table.
a person is riding a skateboard on a picnic table with a crowd watching.
two men and two women walking in the rain while on of the men has an umbrella over himself.
a group of people walking on a side walk in the rain.
a group of people and a umbrella on a street.
two women and a man isn't using a umbrellas on a rainy day.
a group of people walking across a bridge.
a red fire hydrant stands on the sidewalk by the street.
there is a red fire hydrant on a street sidewalk.
there is a red fire hydrant on the side of road.
a red fire hydrant sitting on the side of a street.
a red fire hydrant on the sidewalk of a street.
a man who is walking across the street.
a busy intersection with an ice cream truck driving by.
a man walks behind an ice cream truck .
a man is crossing a street near an icecream truck.
the man is walking behind the concession bus.
a very upscale looking hotel room with large bed and a bathroom in the next room.
a hotel room that was converted from a warehouse.
a bath and a bed in a small room.
a bedroom with an attached bathroom with a tub in it.
the bedroom opens up into a large bathroom.
a baseball player taking a swing at a ball.
the man at bat readies to swing at the pitch while the umpire looks on.
a batter, catcher and umpire during a baseball game.
a baseball player holding a bat at home plate.
a batter lifts his left foot as he swings the bat.
a brightly lit kitchen with lots of natural light.
a modern kitchen in white with stainless steel lights.
a kitchen filled with lots of white counter space.
a kitchen in the room with white appliances .
a modern home kitchen and sitting area looking out towards the back yard.
a young child in the yard holding up a bat.
a boy raring back with a baseball bat in a yard.
a little boy has a baseball bat in a yard.
a boy in black clothes holds a baseball bat over his shoulder near a fence and a tree.
a little boy playing in his yard with a baseball bat.
a small bedroom with a desk and computer in it.
a bedroom that has a desk, chair, and bed in it.
a chair sitting in front of a brown desk.
a desk beside a window in a bedroom.
a bed and a desk and chair by a big window.
a woman is playing tennis with her children.
a mother and her children play on a grass tennis court.
a woman hitting a tennis ball with a racquet.
the woman serves the tennis ball as a child watches.
a woman hits a tennis ball with some kids.
a small room with a sink, microwave, and dishwasher.
a small kitchen with a sink and microwave.  .
the small kitchenette has stainless steel appliances. .
a microwave oven mounted inside of a kitchen wall above a dishwasher.
a small kitchen with a hanging microwave and a dishwasher.
a small child is eating a donut fed by another hand.
a blonde boy looking at his donut hole.
a boy is looking at a small doughnut with powdered sugar on his face.
a little boy eating powered sugar covered flood.
a child eats part of a sugar frosted donut.
a cell phone on top of a laptop.
a cell phone sitting on a laptop in front of a television.
a cell phone sitting on a laptop in front of a tv.
there is a tv in the living room and a lap top on the desk.
a tv siting inside of a wooden stand in a room.
a man is standing in the woods wearing a hat and glasses.
a man in sunglasses wears a grass tie and hat.
a man wearing a woven crown and tie.
a man in a blue shirt with some weird crown.
a man that is standing around in a hate.
a big clock tower sits in the middle of a road .
a clock tower that is standing in the middle of the street.
a clock is shown at the top of a tower.
a small clock tower in the middle of an intersection.
a clock monument in the middle of a city street.
this is a street with a brick building.
a building with a sign and a street right outside.
black and white image of an empty street. .
a old building that is next to a street.
a black and white picture of a building.
a view from the inside of a train from a side window.
view of landscape and a building from a train window.
a building seen through a rain and fog covered window.
a view of a wet day from indoors.
a wet window blurs the image of an apartment building beyond.
a man with a hat on is sitting at a table waiting to eat.
the man eats a sandwich across from someone having a salad.
a man in a pubcap winks at the photographer while sitting an outdoor table of food.
a man is sitting in front of a small plate.
a man squinting with one eye as he eats a sandwich at an outdoor table.
large motorcycle sitting on a grassy area in a line.
older motorcycle displayed on grass along with several old cars.
a motorcycle that is parked in a field.
several motorcycles and cars sitting on a grassy lot.
a number of motorbikes and cars parked in the field.
a bunch of luggage laying on an area rug. .
several pieces of luggage on a floor with an area rug.
the luggage is sitting on top of the persian rug.
a bunch of travel bags sit on a carpet floor .
several pieces of luggage that are laying on the floor.
a baseball player holding a bat next to a base.
a photo of a baseball game where a guy is at home plate taking a pitch.
a baseball player attempts to hit a baseball, while a catcher and umpire watch.
people on a field playing baseball and other watching.
a baseball player holding a bat and a catcher squatting behind him. .
a group of four street signs stacked on top of each other.
four sign streets set on a blue background.
there are 4 traffic sigs of the united kingdom.
a road sign giving directions to four streets.
the old street signs are on display. .
a car driving through a tunnel under buildings.
car passing through a very small tunnel in a city street. .
a car driving through a tunnel between two buildings.
a tunnel in the middle of a street with a car about to go down it.
a car is driving through a tunnel in a city street.
several people are standing at a table looking at wine bottles.
a woman standing in front of a table surrounded by a crowd of people.
a group of people at a table filled with wine bottles.
eager people standing in front of tables at an exhibition.
several people looking at many bottles of wine.
a surfer, surfboard under his arm, near a no swimming sign on a beach.
there is a surfer that is walking towards the water.
a person standing on top of a sandy beach next to a sign.
a man is standing next to a no swimming sign holding a surfboard. .
a man is holding a white surfboard by the beach.
a very tall brown structure sitting above a parking lot.
a red brick school building with a student walking towards the building. .
a pair of buildings from a very far away view.
people with backpacks walking around big brown buildings that look like college.
a cluster of school buildings rise tall in the foreground as students walk to school.
a group of kids at table around a cake.
a group of kids around a table with a cake.
a group of kids watching a woman light a candle.
a group of young children standing around a cake.
little kids sitting around a table that has a birthday cake on it.
an older bald man in a striped suit.
an older gentlemen in a suit siting in a chair.
a man dressed in suit in business meeting room.
an older man in a business suit who has a beard and glasses. .
a man in a suit and tie sitting in a chair.
a yellow and white train traveling past a train station.
a small train going down the train track.
a single train car stopped at a small station.
a large long train on a steel track.
single commuter train car at a rail station.
a cat sitting in front of a large computer monitor.
a kitten is trying to interact with a kitten that is on television.
a cat curiously looks at a photo of a cat on a computer screen.
a cat looking at another cat on the television.
a cat sitting in front of a monitor that is displaying a picture of another cat.
a clock statue surrounded by city traffic and streets.
a car on a street in front of a building.
a car parked by a large clock tower.
a clock tower in a european city looks down at the traffic below.
a tall building with a clock embedded at its top.
two giraffes standing around in the middle of a field.
two giraffes standing on a dirt expanse with trees in background.
two giraffes standing out in the hot sun in front of a tent.
two giraffes standing in a dry landscape gaze to the side. .
two giraffes standing in a desert like area. .
a dark living room with some light from the long windows and lights on the mantle .
small television displayed on fireplace mantel in living area of home.
a small tv is shown on a mantle with mash playing.
the picture on the wall is framed by two lamps.
the small television is underneath a portrait and above a fireplace.
a snowboarder crouching on his board in mid air.
a snowboarder and his board caught mid flight.
a man flying through the air while riding a snowboard.
a snowboarder jumping a hill on a snowy mountain.
a snowboarder grabs the back of her snowboard while jumping.
a pizza sitting on top of a black plate.
a golden yellow pastry on a ceramic plate.
three small pieces of pizza sit on a plate. .
a few pieces of pizza sit on a skillet.
three cheese pizza sticks are on a plate.
a group of cars that are driving passed a church.
a chirch is littered with cars in its parking lot.
a church is sitting in the background with automobiles driving in front of it.
a tall red brick cathedral with two large towers.
a line of cars are oarked outside an old church.
an airplane flying in the sky above a mountain.
a landscape of some mountains with a plane flying above them.
some tree and mountains and a white airplane .
an airplane can be seen flying over a mountain.
a small plane flying high above a mountain on a clear day.
a picture of a dog laying on the ground.
dog snoozing by a bike on the edge of a cobblestone street.
the white dog lays next to the bicycle on the sidewalk.
a white dog is sleeping on a street and a bicycle.
a puppy rests on the street next to a bicycle.
teddy bears are on a table with pieces of cake.
a table topped with platters filled with cake and food.
a bunch of cupcakes and pieces of cake, on a table with three stuffed bears.
four stuffed bears are seated next to a selection of pastries.
teddy bears having a picnic of lamingtons and cup cakes.
a man riding a surfboard close to the shore .
a surfer riding a wave onto the beach with multiple surfers behind him.
a man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.
a surfer riding a wave with other surfers in the background.
there were several people out in the surf today with their boards.
a computer monitor sitting on top of a desk.
a picture of a screen in the living room. .
a computer is lit up on the checkout counter.
a desk with a monitor and a person holding a laptop.
part of a computer screen in front of a laptop.
bikes lined up at a bike stop with an advertisement near by that says "your butts" .
a few bikes are arranged by a bike lock.
two bikes are chained to bike racks on a city street.
two bicycles locked into bike parking stands on a sidewalk.
a pair of bicycles are parked in a designated area.
a group of young ladies playing a game of soccer.
four girls are playing soccer in the field. .
a few women on a field playing soccer.
girls kicking the ball and running playing competitive soccer.
a group of girls playing soccer against each other.
a group of men sitting around a table eating food.
men sitting at a table smiling while eating food.
a group of people enjoying a pot-luck dinner.
a person at a table with some food.
two men sampling chili and beer in a tent.
a close up of a stuffed animal near car pedals .
a tan teddy bear and a gas and brake pad.
a stuffed bear sits on the floorboard of a vehicle. .
a teddy bear positioned to look as though he is pushing the gas pedal in a vehicle. .
a very cute stuffed animal with its foot on a gas pedal.
a cat lying down in a sink in a bathroom.
a cat laying in a bathroom sink while looking at the camera .
a cat in a white sink looking out.
a cat curled up in a white bathroom sink.
a cat lying inside a sink with a hair brush, sanitizer and toothpaste on top.
a beautiful young lady talking on a phone while smiling.
a woman with a lanyard and name tag while on a cell phone.
a woman standing in a corner by a curtain taking a cell phone call. .
a woman smiling while talking on her cell phone. .
a woman is sitting in a corner talking on the telephone.
a small giraffe laying in the sand by a fence.
a giraffe sitting in front of a wall of concrete and rope.
a cute giraffe sitting on the ground in a zoo exhibit. .
a giraffe lies down in a caged area while two small animals sit on his head.
a baby giraffe lying on the ground in it's pen.
a bunch of birds sitting on a traffic light.
a view of a building from the street level. there are birds sitting on a pole.
a row of birds perched on a traffic light structure between two buildings.
the stop light reads green, and there are two huge buildings in the back.
the traffic light turned green for a car to go.
a boston red sox player up to bat.
the stands are filled with people as an umpire stands behind a catcher and a man with a black helmet holds a bat.
a baseball batter looking down the first base line in front of a crowd.
a group of men on a field playing baseball.
a crowd of people watching men play a baseball game .
a vintage train carrying cars rides on railroad tracks.
a black passenger train going down the track.
a railroad on the tracks in an industrial looking location.
a red and black train traveling down train tracks.
a locomotive train resting on some tracks next to a building.
a woman standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.
a woman picking up a ball with a tennis racquet.
three people with racquets stand on a tennis court. .
a person with a tennis racket picks up a tennis ball .
a woman tries to scoop a tennis ball with her racket.
two containers filled with food and sweets on a table.
a sandwich bun, lunchmeat, and grapes are served in a lunch box.
a dinner tray set up with a sandwich grapes and cheese.
the lunch set up includes a variety of foods.
two containers on a table holding grapes, salami and a bun. .
a fork cutting into a piece of cake.
a piece of cake sitting on top of a blue and white paper plate.
a piece of yellow cake with white frosting on a paper plate .
a fork cutting a piece of cake on a plate.
a close up of a piece of cake on a plate.
a little girl standing in front of a stack of items.
a child at a table sitting next to stacked items.
a child beside a stack of parmesan cheese containers and a sippy cup.
a young child claps his hands at the "sculpture" he made.
a little girl is all happy as she sits at the table with her cup sitting on the containers of cheese. .
a large bridge and some houses on the water.
buildings on a river under a metal bridge.
boats floating next to houses out on the water under the bridge.
many houses are built on the shore under a bridge.
some houses and boats are by the docks on a river under a bridge.
a kitchen scene with focus on the refrigerator.
a fridge that is silver and in a kitchen.
a kitchen contains a large refrigerator with a freezer below it. .
stainless steel fridge in the kitchen of a home.
a kitchen with a large, newer looking refridgerator.
large factory smoke towers shadowed by a large building behind them. .
buildings surrounding two tall, skinny towers in a busy area.
chimneys point to the sky on a clear, sunny day.
2 smoke stacks rise over the power plant for a large building.
a row of buildings with two industrial smoke stacks.
a white truck parked on the beach with its door open .
a couple of people walking around a beach near a lifeguard truck.
a lifeguard truck sitting on a quiet almost empty beach .
a truck that reads "lifeguard" is parked on the beach.
a live guard truck parked on a beach.
two men in helmets skateboarding down a street.
two men skateboard on their knees around a corner.
two people skateboarding down a road together in the day.
two men ride skateboards while wearing safety equipment.
two people riding skate board down a steep road.
a couple stands with small hatchets poised above a cake. .
a man and woman raise axes over their wedding cake.
a man standing next to a woman holding up hatchets.
a bride and groom getting ready to cut their cake. .
a bride and groom hold up small axes in front of a wedding cake.
a piece of luggage sitting on a floor next to a wall.
this old leather suitcase has seen a lot of travel.
a red old suitcase has writing on it.
there is a brown suit case with writing on it.
a old suitcase is marked with " this side up" and " fragile".
a group of kids sitting at a table with some food.
asian people are sitting at a table eating soup .
a child looks surprised looking into a dish of food.
a group of kids that are sitting at a table.
a boy watches a woman eat at a table.
a metal wok bowl filled with diced fresh vegetables.
there are peppers and chicken cooking in the pan.
the food is being cooked in the pan and stirred with a wooden spoon.
a tofu dish with carrots is in a skillet with a wooden spoon.
a stir-fry wok is filled with cooking vegetables.
a tall tower with a clock stands above a winter sky.
there is a tree next to the clock tower.
a large clock tower on a cloudy winter day. .
there is a clock in the center of a tower.
a tower that will have a large clock at the top.
a group of people siting a a table with plates of food .
two people  seated at a table with other people in the background.
a man and a woman preparing to seat pizza and an outdoor restaurant.
there is a man and a woman sitting at a table smiling.
man and woman at an outdoor restaurant smiling for camera.
fresh red and yellow tulips in a vase.
red and yellow tulips are in a vase on a table.
a vase filled with yellow and red flowers.
a vase of tulips sitting in the middle of a table.
a picture of a vase of colorful flowers on a table. .
a woman holding her umbrella in her hands.
a woman holding an umbrella next to people waiting for a train.
a lady standing with an umbrella in front of her.
a woman standing on a platform with an open umbrella. .
a lady that has a umbrella in her hand.
a small group of people standing outside of a train next to  small shops selling fruit.
a woman in a dress standing next to a blue and white train.
a woman poses for a picture next to a train and a fruit stand.
women and men walking along a blue passenger train on a stone walkway. near an outdoor food market.
a woman posing by a train with several small food stands nearby.
a cell phone and some key on a table.
an older cell phone is on some camel smokes and near keys. .
there is a phone, wallet and keys sitting on a table.
a cellphone, keys, a pen, datebook and cigarettes.
a shot of a cell phone, planner, cigarettes, wallet, and keys.
a surfboard that is on its side in the sand.
a lifeguard's surf board on the beach near the surf.
a person is standing on the beach near a lifeguard board. .
a lifeguard surf board laying on its side near a shoreline.
group of people walking in front of a white surfboard by the beach. .
a young girl in a bright dress rides a horse.
a girl in a pink dress sitting on top of a horse. .
a little girl riding on a brown horse.
a little girl holds onto her saddle as she sits on a horse.
a young girl wearing a helmet riding a horse.
a loft bed with a dresser underneath it.
a bed and desk in a small room.
wooden bed on top of a white dresser.
a bed sits on top of a dresser and a desk.
bunk bed with a narrow shelf sitting underneath it. .
a man holding a microphone while sitting down.
a man with brown blazer and glasses holding a microphone.
a man holding up a microphone talking . .
a balding man is holding a black microphone.
a man is sitting down and talking on a microphone. .
a couple of birds standing on top of  a wooden bench.
pair of wild birds standing on dock at waterway area.
a couple of birds standing on a dock .
two herons on a wharf facing each other and water in the background.
two birds standing on a bench near the water .
two giraffes in a room with people looking at them.
two giraffe standing next to each other in a room.
the giraffe is being kept by itself indoors. .
a man and woman staring at two giraffes through a window.
a giraffe in a enclosed area is watched by some people.
a man sitting at a table with a plate of food.
a person sitting at a table with plate of food outdoors.
a man sitting at a picnic table studdying a bottle.
a man in a black shirt pouring water at a table.
a man sitting a picnic table pouring a drink. .
a woman stands in the dining area at the table.
a room with chairs, a table, and a woman in it.
a woman standing in a kitchen by a window.
a person standing at a table in a room.
a living area with a television and a table.
a full view of a shower with glass.
a walk in shower with a hand held shower head.
a bathroom shower stall with a shower head.
a glass walled shower in a home bathroom.
a see through glass shower in a bathroom .
a brown and white cat on carpet with wall in background.
a gray and white cat relaxes on a rug near a decorative plate.
a cat on a mat under a plate next to a drain pipe.
a cat laying down on a door mat near a concrete wall.
a small cat sitting on a floormat below a hanged plate.
birds perch on a bunch of twigs in the winter.
a number of small birds sitting at the top of a bare tree.
many birds perched on the limbs of a tree.
eight birds perch on a branch on an overcast day.
several birds are sitting on small tree branches.
there is a stop sign outside of a bus window.
a stop sign is showing out of a bus window.
a stop sign taken through the window of a train.
group of street signs posted to a concrete post by a stage. .
a view of a street intersection through a window.
black and white picture of guy and girl in an embrace on a park bench.
a romantic couple smooching on a park bench, traffic and pedestrians behind them.
a man kissing a woman while they sit on a bench on a sidewalk.
a man hugging a woman as they sit on a bench on the street with people walking behind them on the sidewalk.
a sitting on a bench and kissing woman on  the check as people pass by.
two stuffed animals are cutting bread and spreading jelly on it.
two stuffed toys sit near bread and jam.
two stuffed animals, two loaves of bread, and jam.
two stuffed animals team up to make jelly sandwiches.
two stuffed animals on a table look  like their making food.
a frito lay delivery van parked outside in a parking lot.
a lays potato chip deliver van parked in a parking space.
a potato chip and snack delivery van in a parking lot.
a cargo van with a chip sign is parked in the lot.
a van parked in a outdoor parking lot.
a black and white image of a huge heard of sheep. .
a large herd of sheep near a stream on a farm.
hundreds of sheep walking in the water and a ranch.
a group of sheep that are standing in the grass.
two herds of sheep standing on both sides of a long stream and valley.
a woman in a tie and blue hair. .
a woman with dyed purple hair wearing a black shirt and spotted tie.
a woman with blue hair wearing a tie.
a woman in a black dress shirt and tie with purple hair. .
a person with a shade of purple hair and wearing a dark dress shirt and necktie.
a large decorated bus has a couple of folks standing by it. .
a bus parked beside a building in a parking lot.
a bus loading and unloading passengers in a parking lot.
a large bus sitting next to a very tall building.
three people looking at a bus parked in a parking space.
a small kitchen with low a ceiling .
a small kichen area with a sunlight and and angled ceiling.
an image of a kitchen loft style setting.
a small kitchen with a lot of filled up shelves .
a kitchen with a slanted ceiling and skylight.
a man walking towards a stop sign on the sidewalk.
a police officer is walking down the sidewalk.
a police officer walking down a busy street.
a police officer walking down a city street with a stop sign, buildings, and parked cars in the background.
a policeman walks down the street by the stop sign.
longhorn cows stand or recline in a barn.
a barn with several cows lying down in the saw dust and along horned cow standing up.
a group of bulls laying down in a medal shed.
cows sitting in an enclosure on grass covered ground.
animals being held in an enclosed area during the day.
a couple of ssigns on a pole by a building.
directional signs at intersection outside of brick building.
a street sign hanging from a metal pole.
a old brick building that has a street sign out front.
sign poles on the corner of a street near a brick building.
a cat sits on top of a laptop keyboard.
a white cat is sitting on a black case.
a close up of a cat laying on a laptop .
cat sitting on keyboard of laptop on table indoors.
a fluffy white cat sitting on a laptop computer keyboard.
a wood bench sitting in a park with three people sitting on it .
a mother and her two children sit on a green bench.
a lady with two children sitting on a park bench.
a woman and two young children sit on a bench.
a woman and two children on a wooden bench in an open parkland.
a young man is working and mixing something together. .
a man standing in a kitchen preparing food.
a man putting something in a container in an industrial kitchen. .
a man in an industrial kitchen pouring something in a cup .
a man in a kitchen adding ingredients to a mixer.
small plate of food with mixed vegetables and meat. .
a dinner plate with chicken, broccoli and corn.
goblet along with white plate with piece of meat, broccoli and corn.
a white plate with a piece of steak next to broccoli and corn.
a plate of food with some corn, broccoli, and meat on it.
a store selling both ripe and unripe bananas.
banana stands with bananas hanging yellow and green and people looking around.
a fruit stand is full of ripe and unripened bananas.
bananas, green and ripe yellow are abundant on the sidewalk.
an outside market featuring two stalls with bananas.
a machine in a factory with a blue chair sitting next to it.
a donuts machine making donuts in large batches.
there are people using machinery to make donuts.
a bagel machine is making bagels while people people work in the background.
a person and a chair next to a doughnut machine.
a table with several dishes of asian food.
seven containers of different foods on a white table.
there are a bunch of oriental dishes on a table.
a table with multiple different eating dishes on it.
seven bowls of different foods rice greens etc,.